== Welcome to Artifact

Way back in June of 2010 my team was really unhappy with the wiki type tools available to us to store the flotsam and jetsom of our development life. All sorts of stuff accrued across the projects we worked on and we needed one place, that wasn't public, to store all that stuff. We tried a bunch of tools but it got too hard too quickly to find stuff and a few other details that happened to torture us.

No claims are being made that is a be all or end all tool for anyone else, but a few years later it continues to suffice.

I long ago wanted to open source it (and now I have...), but never got around to it (back then). Never mind the shame of never having written a test for anything. It was the classic prototype goes into production deal. I hope to back fill the tests, but in the meantime the ideas are still valid, and if you consider this a prototype, you'll be fine.

This is not the original repository because I no longer have access to it, but as bonus, this has been updated so it runs Rails 3.2.x as of this writing. Although some functionality has been eliminated because I don't have access to the original. That's cool, it was nothing core anyway.

There's a few other things that need cleaning up. The image used in the header and footer is not attributed and I don't know the source. It will have to be replaced.(Done!) And a reasonable home page flow needs to be created. I didn't think the original worked the way I wanted anyway..., and as I said I don't have access to it so... onward!

For use, it's pretty straightforward. Create one entry for each bit of data. Tag it with a comma separated list of tags(no spaces for now) if you care to. Search and ye shall find. Versions are stored, so that folks feel comfortable editing. That's it for now.

Enjoy,

Daniel

== License

Open Source Initiative OSI - The MIT License (MIT):Licensing

The MIT License (MIT)
Copyright (c) 2012 Daniel Berlinger

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
